Using diff to find the bugs in longer files was helpful because
you don't have to read through everything to find bugs. You can
simply compare the differences that the command finds for you
and figure out which differences should be there and which
shouldn't.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

This could be helpful and make a programmer more efficient
because they would be able to pick whichever previous version
of their work they wished to look at. If they knew when they
added something in particular or when something started going
wrong, they could go back to that version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

 Manually committing is better because you can decide when you
 want to save in order to create logical progression in your
 programming. It can be bad because you have to make sure you
 are making properly sized commits and that you don't forget.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google
Docs, treat each file separately?

Allowing saving over multiple files helps keep files connected
and lets you see how changes you made interacted with other
files in your project. Other programs might not do this if
projects are generally comprised over fewer files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
history of files?

git log lets you see all of your commits so you can see what
changes were made at different times. git diff will let you
compare to specific diffs to see what changes were made
between those two specific times.

How might using version control make you more confident to make
 changes that could break something?

Version control can let you be much more confident to make
potentially program breaking changes because its very simple to
revert back to a previous version and find what you did to
cause the error and correct it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try
 using Git for?

I want to try to make a new game but use Git so that I can make
more changes and take more risks to try and make it better.